hi everyone today we're making an
authentic German dish of German style
sauerkraut with grilled bratwurst on top
okay for today's dish we need three
fresh bratwursts one jar of sauerkraut
and some olive oil
we'll be using 1/2 cup of chopped onion
and also about the same amount of
chopped apple 1 garlic clove minced a
few juniper berries and 1 whole bay leaf
to start with we're going to prep our
apple you're only going to need about
half of it so what we want to do is then
peel it well once our apple is peeled
half of it we want to go ahead and just
kind of give it a coarse chop so in a
medium pot we want to put it on medium
to high heat and add our olive oil just
a little bit in there to coat the onions
when we add them let that heat up so now
we'll add our onions once the onion nice
and tender we're going to go ahead and
add our apples that we chopped up and
our minced garlic coz they add that all
together
let those soften up a bit now what we
want to do is add the whole jar of
sauerkraut including the liquid with a
fork we're going to let this cook for a
few minutes bringing the heat up just a
tad just to get everything in here nice
and warm okay once our sauerkraut
mixture is warm through but not yet
boiling what we want to do then is add
just a little bit more water probably
about a quarter to a half a cup our
juniper berries a good pinch of salt and
our bay leaf and we're going to kind of
mix that in there and what we want to do
now is lower the heat cover and we're
going to cook this for about half an
hour to an hour all right in another pot
a little larger one I put some cold
water and I'm going to boil it and what
I'm going to do this is a technique I
like to do takes the guesswork out of
cooking the bratwurst if you boil them
just on a light boil that cook through
and then there's no guesswork when
you're frying them up in a pan on our
kraut that's simmering at low heat we
want to check on it here from time to
time and make sure it's got enough
liquid in there you can always add a
little more water if it looks like it's
starting to dry out but this one really
really tasty and it smells wonderful so
we'll let that go for another 15 minutes
or so okay once I brought worse sar
they've been boiling now for just a few
minutes just so you can see that they
get cooked through you want to go ahead
and turn off the heat and what we're
going to do is just put them on a plate
and set the side all right now we're
going to check on our sauerkraut looking
good it still has plenty of liquid it's
still simmering on low heat we're going
to let that cook for another 10 or so
minutes I want a separate skillet we're
going to heat up some butter and a
little bit of olive oil to that just to
keep the butter from burning let that
warm up nice and evenly here kind of
distribute the butter in the oil okay
this is on medium to high a little more
towards the high heat level butter is
nice and melted and we're going to go
ahead and add our bratwurst and start to
brown them now that's why I boiled them
before or parboil them so that I know
that the center is cooked pretty much
and that we don't have to worry about
these things getting really black and
the insides are all pink and uncooked
you'll notice from the natural casing
some liquid skin started
fine you want to do is start to lightly
brown its kind of turn them let them go
on the other side there's it you're
going to go ahead and turn the flame off
on the sauerkraut so this is a nice and
done cooking for about 45 minutes and
we're going to shut the heat off and
keep it covered just to keep it warm set
it aside all right I brought we look
like they're beautifully browned and
ready to be served up so here we go okay
so using a slotted spoon we're going to
plate up a nice platter of this
beautiful sauerkraut and when you find
the Bailey if you definitely want to
remove it and we this smells so good
then we're going to add our bratwurst
just lay them right on top this is a
beautiful traditional German dish at the
end I like to garnish it with a little
bit of flat-leaf parsley finely chopped
yummy and here we have our German style
sauerkraut with bratwurst delicious